Vf/disaster recovery (#102)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/backup.md

Restoring from a backup with Velero is meant to be a type of disaster recovery. **Velero will not overwrite existing Resources when restoring.** As such, if you want to restore the state of a Resource that is still running, the Resource must be deleted first.

> To restore a backup on demand, contact your Compliantkubernetes operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore a backup on demand, contact your Compliant Kubernetes operator.
```
